funhouse is sponsored by expressvpn
protect your online privacy today at
expressvpn comm slash fun apps Oh Jacob
are you tired no I'm awake I'm ready to
go are you sure I did not just get out
of bed were you out late last night
partying with lots of people you know it
I was hanging out with with Antonio the
ant eater and do you know the Frog I do
think my favorite thing about all this
is how I will be like playing Animal
Crossing at like 11:30 and I go hmm it's
getting real late better hit the hay and
then that's when Jacob signs on I felt
like I was like oh I'm so bad I'm up so
late and it was like Jacob is on line
I'm like I gotta go to bed those little
gaps in between are probably with mice
which goes to sleep and I drop it on my
face you need to be careful and get your
rest and keep yourself comfortable
because that way you can see the world
more clearly but you know what's gonna
help you see even more clearly making
sure you're wearing the best possible
contacts on your eyes the sponsor of
this episode is a veil and we're gonna
hear more from them later on in the show
I want to like get [__] into it tear
some people down a peg we're doing
something a little bit different this
week we're trying something different
obviously the setup is different we are
going to and normally we don't we avoid
this we're gonna read some mean comments
but here's the thing someone else is
gonna be randomly picked from this group
to defend us and then we can find a
positivity in in some of the negativity
so I'm going to be the first one to
defend someone yes span that we love
hate defend his honor I will be your
knight in shimmering armor that's a
reference to What's Eating Gilbert Grape
thank goodness I was in dire peril I
have found my comment I picked it at
random Jacob a virgin it's it's it's
it's a slight he's a handsome man he's a
charismatic man so if he so chose to lay
with someone then he would easily be
able to that being said Jacob bangs
anything and everything he wants
these are sexual attributes okay Jacob
knows star wars in and out star wars is
one of the sexiest film franchises ever
made you bet Jacob also has played more
video games for more amount of time than
anyone else I ever know
another thing that anyone looks for in a
sexual partner look he just kissed his
control another thing his shirt says
[__] so like yeah okay you know and
also as evidenced in the GTA video what
to eat on the first date
Jacob the on-camera said that on the
second day he eats ass he said hot
packaged ass I don't even know what that
means
on the outside he is all nerdom but on
the inside he he bangs like crazy so you
if anything you should be worshipping
the ground he walks on because he's
setting an example for all future
generation the ground he [__] on let's
live that horizontal life Jacob do you
feel better I'm feeling pretty good
thanks guys thanks James
one last thing Jacobs built like a brick
[__] okay and any any person would
be lucky to be pressed underneath his
heavy hips okay we could have asked his
girlfriend oh no no don't ask back to
the wheel hey hey
[Music]
Linsey this horrible slime directed
Lizzy says Lindsay how dare you the mix
flurry is life you are no longer my
favorite fun house member I'm so angry I
can't even text right rip me dead they
talk about a McFlurry yeah I trashed the
McFlurry and their higher upset with me
at least is you leave this comment no
and I will say I do think McLaurys have
downgraded and over the years oh I can
you buy that this poor fellow there
they're living in this right this
McFlurry rut they bit late night I have
a nice McDonald's next M they actually
puts M&Ms in the bottom as well as the
top we know that we can't all be that
lucky I am now defending MacDonald how
was the day it sounds like he's
defending the micellar yeah my first
thing I read into this comment was that
at some point Lindsay was their favorite
funhouse memory which is a pretty nice
compliment Lindsay I mean Lindsay you
haven't you haven't been with us for
that wall I know I was think that the
impact you made in that brief amount of
time is is pretty impressive despite
what Jacob Thackery is willing to
comment on love transfer their favorite
card from like cow John's favorite and
they just transferred it over until the
like now you're just fun so I get that
but ya know I and then they took it away
so fast it also says something it says
something about the person like it might
just be like you know o new shiny thing
new favorite thing and then did you make
one mistake and then it's like well now
you're dead to me so it's like they just
might be a person of extremes they just
constantly need a new fix and Lindsay
was it for a little while and now it's
the knick clerk that's all they have as
big Murray's as someone who's raised on
McDonald's as the only McFlurry
connoisseur apparently here you know I
will defend you and say I'll look at
that person straight in the eye and say
you know what hey it says there's
something in the Bible it says different
strokes for different folks man ok let
people like what they want alright
I love McFlurry zall right I'm not
[__] on
for liking for not liking them okay just
go back to life Lindsay she's just
favorite fun house member is that New
Testament are all it's right in between
the Mick Testament we love hate love
hate
this is from the episode of the BTS
video where we did a little quarantine
home bit and Ryan had a really excellent
cinematic masterpiece at the very end or
we got a glimpse into his home so it
says how was Ryan even more homeless
while actually being in his home did you
watch the video where he's literally
standing outside his home and you can
see it in the background a lot of people
thought it was an air B&B I rented her
so no where are you Reno you're in a
home look at that lantern same home do
you think I could afford it Airbnb for
multiple days homeless people don't have
computer mice and Ryan you have a
computer mouse don't you hold it up hold
up your I prefer the trackpad I've been
explaining this to you guys Ryan's is
that your home this the more I look at
it the more it does seem like the kind
of like three walled set that they put
up in a porno I can sit next to my
landlord where they're mad that I had to
pay rent yet all right I show you those
things Ryan has a home
so this is from the boat murder mystery
video where everyone presses fancy at
8:10 Adam looking like a kid on his
first prom date getting dropped off by
his mom I took that as like when you're
going on prom or your mom's dropping you
off or you look like you don't know what
you're doing I felt like I knew what I
was doing see I took that the exact
opposite Adam because I you know I
figured you were you're a cool guy that
can problem I met you were one of the
cool guys
you know you're one of the people that
had fun and everyone everybody's first
prom is their first prom you know it's
not like everyone anyone's a pro at this
and by this time you're at your second
prom that's your last from all right I
think what they meant what they really
meant subconsciously is that you came in
there and ate that 8:10 time code
looking like a badass going to your
first prom being dropped out by her mom
saying see you mom I'm gonna go party
all night all right give me a box of
condoms even cooler and she says she
said you you [__] like Jacob will boxes
and Jacob emerges does everyone remember
what they wore to their first prom did
anyone else wear a Miami Dolphins Dan
Marino Jersey or is that I think
technically it was the away Jersey oh
you dressed as spider-man spider-man
yes we could have just flipped a coin
this is from the Final Fantasy 7
speedrunning battle it says that shade
of lipstick isn't James's ideal color
they are referring to the part where we
were paying homage
it's a Final Fantasy 7 cross-dressing
scene and we thought it would be funny
of James and I each put on our
significant others clothing I thought
this segment turned out fantastic here's
the thing I watched that video and I
didn't know James was wearing lipstick
until I read this comment I'm just
saying it looked that natural on my list
of beautiful natural things it's hot
springs and jaemin space so thank you
Adam I appreciate that it's Natalie
here's the kicker - I'm I'm wearing
that's my lipstick we share it so I'm
wearing it right now - so who do you
guys think
when James gets really close
it looks like Caesar from the rise of
the Apes
alright at least it's time to finally to
improve the how you feel about yourself
oh wait a minute that's all the time we
have this episode of open house is
sponsored by Ave Oh
there's so much going on right now so
many added challenges to your work and
personal life that anything you can do
to make your day-to-day more convenient
is something you should consider
Ave oh is that for your vision daily
contact lenses are easy and convenient
so while I'm working from home staring
at a screen all day it's a boon to have
comfortable technologically advanced
contacts delivered to my door no more
expensive bulk boxes for contacts Aveo
provides hydrating and affordable
all-day lenses right to your door it's
the only subscription contact lens
company that offers regular dailies as
well as contacts for astigmatism they're
designed to keep your eyes healthy with
aqua lock technology to keep your lenses
hydrated even after 12 hours of wear and
every lens is manufactured in a fully
automated state-of-the-art cleanroom do
not worry about third-party markups
because veo makes and ships everything
to deliver on your personalized schedule
never end up with more than you need but
don't sweat returning unopened boxes
easily for up to 30 days right now is
offering our viewers the best deal they
have anywhere get a 10 day trial pack
for $1 that's just one dollar at Aveo
vision dot-com / open house spelled AV e
o vision dot-com / open house for your
10 day trial pack for only $1 you are
not gonna get this deal anywhere else go
to a veo vision dot-com / open house veo
came to me they called me on the phone
on my big red phone and they said no we
insist that Elysee needs Elisa's needs
to be defended and her voice needs to be
heard so Elise go ahead and pick the
comment and then we will all work with
you we're all of us together
will defend you from this comment we're
like the losers Club but cooler you
didn't even go to Prague this comment is
on the KFC Burger King crossover video
from some piece of absolute [__] every
time Elise is a character she gets extra
handsy with James lol when I do
character it's an out-of-body experience
alright I am letting the character
possess me take my corporeal form and
embody me I'm not even I'm not even
present okay I got my my eyes are rolled
back in my head like the Undertaker
think of it that way and then if the
character is going to behave a certain
way that's part of the character also
James is kind of asking for it with what
he was dressed as he showed that man to
a hung jury meaning a jury of hung
individuals and they're gonna vote with
their erections how much he was just
asking for it how do you know I had a
jury duty notice also how do you even
know that the comment the way they wrote
it is a slight what if they're just
saying like every time she gets extra
handsy and they're like talking about
how badass it is not like they're
offended by it what what is Colonel
Sanders obsessed with breasts thighs
legs you know you were just in character
you Ravin all 11c good evening I just
think that this turned into something
that this was like kind of negative
against me somehow stop being such a I'm
sorry sometimes I like to put jokes in
my videos I didn't make it clear enough
that that was the one joke in the video
we were celebrating 20 I'll make sure to
do that better in the future
less jokes more correctness and I will
fact check